c:\workspace-gamedev-unity5\Solar System Simulation\Temp\bin\Debug\Assembly-CSharp.dll
c:\workspace-gamedev-unity5\Solar System Simulation\Temp\bin\Debug\Assembly-CSharp.pdb
c:\workspace-gamedev-unity5\Solar System Simulation\Temp\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
c:\workspace-gamedev-unity5\Solar System Simulation\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEditor.dll
c:\workspace-gamedev-unity5\Solar System Simulation\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.Analytics.dll
c:\workspace-gamedev-unity5\Solar System Simulation\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.dll
c:\workspace-gamedev-unity5\Solar System Simulation\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.GoogleAudioSpatializer.dll
c:\workspace-gamedev-unity5\Solar System Simulation\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.HoloLens.dll
c:\workspace-gamedev-unity5\Solar System Simulation\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.Networking.dll
c:\workspace-gamedev-unity5\Solar System Simulation\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.Purchasing.dll
c:\workspace-gamedev-unity5\Solar System Simulation\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.SpatialTracking.dll
c:\workspace-gamedev-unity5\Solar System Simulation\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.TestRunner.dll
c:\workspace-gamedev-unity5\Solar System Simulation\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.Timeline.dll
c:\workspace-gamedev-unity5\Solar System Simulation\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UI.dll
c:\workspace-gamedev-unity5\Solar System Simulation\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UIAutomation.dll
c:\workspace-gamedev-unity5\Solar System Simulation\Temp\bin\Debug\Unity.Cecil.dll
c:\workspace-gamedev-unity5\Solar System Simulation\Temp\bin\Debug\Unity.SerializationLogic.dll
c:\workspace-gamedev-unity5\Solar System Simulation\Temp\bin\Debug\ExCSS.Unity.dll
c:\workspace-gamedev-unity5\Solar System Simulation\Temp\bin\Debug\Unity.DataContract.dll
c:\workspace-gamedev-unity5\Solar System Simulation\Temp\bin\Debug\Unity.Legacy.NRefactory.dll
c:\workspace-gamedev-unity5\Solar System Simulation\Temp\bin\Debug\Unity.UNetWeaver.dll
c:\workspace-gamedev-unity5\Solar System Simulation\Temp\bin\Debug\Unity.CecilTools.dll
c:\workspace-gamedev-unity5\Solar System Simulation\Temp\bin\Debug\Unity.Cecil.Pdb.dll
c:\workspace-gamedev-unity5\Solar System Simulation\Temp\bin\Debug\Unity.Cecil.Mdb.dll
c:\workspace-gamedev-unity5\Solar System Simulation\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.xml
c:\workspace-gamedev-unity5\Solar System Simulation\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEditor.xml
c:\workspace-gamedev-unity5\Solar System Simulation\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UI.xml
c:\workspace-gamedev-unity5\Solar System Simulation\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.Networking.xml
c:\workspace-gamedev-unity5\Solar System Simulation\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.TestRunner.xml
c:\workspace-gamedev-unity5\Solar System Simulation\Temp\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.xml
c:\workspace-gamedev-unity5\Solar System Simulation\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.Timeline.xml
c:\workspace-gamedev-unity5\Solar System Simulation\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UIAutomation.xml
c:\workspace-gamedev-unity5\Solar System Simulation\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.GoogleAudioSpatializer.xml
c:\workspace-gamedev-unity5\Solar System Simulation\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.HoloLens.xml
c:\workspace-gamedev-unity5\Solar System Simulation\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.SpatialTracking.xml
c:\workspace-gamedev-unity5\Solar System Simulation\obj\Debug\Assembly-CSharp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\workspace-gamedev-unity5\Solar System Simulation\obj\Debug\Assembly-CSharp.dll
c:\workspace-gamedev-unity5\Solar System Simulation\obj\Debug\Assembly-CSharp.pdb
